Welcome, one and all, to San Diego, California, Comic-Con!
At the Tin Ruf?
I've never been to Tin Ruf, this place is all right.
We're packed from floor to rasters here.
Let's start off by welcoming the Game Master to the stars, Mr. Spencer Crittenden.
And of course, the Mayor of Harmon Tap, the Mayor.
Hi, I'm sorry, please stop the music, please stop the music, please stop the music.
Hi, hello, hi everyone, don't be alarmed. There's been a slight security breach, but we want everyone to have a very good time.
There's been a vulnerability in the paddock, in several paddocks, all the paddocks are very vulnerable.
But if you could please just calm down, I'm slightly, there are raptors.
But it's fine, just don't move, they can't see you if you don't move.
I thought that was T-Rex.
No, it's all of them.
Holy shit, there's lots of raptors in the paddock. Are we in the paddock?
No, we are outside of the paddock.
We're not in the paddock.
And it looks like they're coming towards us.
All right, just calm down, just please. Raptors, if you will just...
Spencer, stay perfectly still. The visual acuity is based on movement.
Oh thank god, he's here.
Easy. Easy.
Chris Pratt, is that you?
Alpha Daisy, Beta Margaret. I only saw the movie once, but easy.
They don't like to be talked to that way.
The mic cord is wrapped around...
The mic cord's visual acuity is based on movement.
Easy raptors, easy. They're good dinosaurs.
Thank you.
I know Jeff, I know you're very passionate about them being used as weapons.
I feel like they must be because we're fighting a global war on terror.
As long as you maintain that stance from the beginning of the movie all the way to the end...
But here's my thing, with no perceivable arc whatsoever...
Maybe I just have been free scenes and I just say that free time.
I guess, but that's the middle scene.
You should be like, maybe they should be something to make Sundays.
I don't know, but I'm not here to talk about story structure.
Go on, go on. Raptors, back to your paddock.
Please.
That was just as disorganized as that first date we went on.
Wait, I have a question.
Is this... somebody's aunt, right?
In the movie, there was...
Yes, yes, the most...
Yes, I am an aunt and it is the most important relationship you can ever have.
Everyone wants to spend time with their aunt, yes.
Yes.
But listen... Why wasn't it the mother in that movie? Why are the aunts in that?
Because she had to be hot and it would have been weird if it was their mom.
Listen, I'm sorry we went on a date.
Just thanks for not wearing shorts tonight.
I don't know why you did whatever you did.
You had a itinerary or that's our backstory.
Very organized and very career driven.
Doesn't make any sense that we had backstory at all.
Why did we go on that date? Isn't that on both of us?
If we went on a date, why would we see each other and go on a date
and why would we be mad that it didn't work out?
Yeah, doesn't make any sense.
That's what dates are supposed to do.
You should get mad if you marry someone on accident.
You shouldn't be mad if you go on a date and someone wears cargo shorts.
Or is too organized.
It would make more sense if maybe we had a one night stand
but it looks like we just got sandwiches.
And then didn't get along and now we hate each other for some reason.
But nothing gets everybody hard and wet like hunting dinosaurs.
You know dinosaurs just want to do this and then that and then that.
You got to know what one of those is.
This is very disorganized for my taste.
Dan?
Yes.
Can we talk a little bit about your weapon?
Show me this rifle you have.
I'm afraid to take it off now that I know that police can mistake a towel for a gun.
It has the orange tip on it.
I don't think you're going to get shot.
A towel, Jeff.
A towel has no trigger or handle or sights on it.
Let's have a hand for my wife, Erin McGathy.
It was me the whole time.
Back to your paddock. Back to your paddock.
She's going back to her paddock.
Wow.
Oh.
In heels.
She's going to run 45 miles an hour to her paddock.
In high heels.
Also, you have a knife in the back too?
You got a little weapon behind you too?
This isn't a knife.
This is a knife.
Don't put it by me.
I'm going to get shot.
You asked me to take it off.
Thank you, Diego. Welcome to the Comic Con.
I'm getting out of this shit right away.
I'm getting very sweaty.
I'm 42.
There's only a certain amount of time I have before my temperature becomes so unregulated
that I just fall forward and crush nine people.
Who would ironically be dressed as transformers?
Glad to thank you guys for staying.
I think we were worried that we wouldn't be able to fill a venue.
This Sunday night is usually when people go back.
How many of you guys are from San Diego?
Oh.
There's the key.
We got a lot of San Diego fans.
That's the key.
I figured we'd be reliant on out of towners.
Fuck those people.
Fuck these people.
Thank God they're gone.
Fucking nerds dressed as shit.
Look at that banana asshole.
Fuck you, banana.
This guy comes here every year. He's from San Jose.
He's a piece of shit.
It's that guy in all the poison ivies.
Fuck them.
A lot of poison ivies everywhere.
I'm all for it.
The city chokes on poison ivies every year.
I just flew in from Las Vegas.
Before, from the car door to the hotel front door,
I saw nine Lara Crofts.
Really?
I saw all the Tomb Raiders.
Raiden Tombs.
Some of the more interesting stuff I saw.
I saw Steampunk Star Wars, guys.
Okay, Cricket.
I just thought that was neat.
I get cosplay this year because I think I'm getting my Comic-Con post.
Post-Harmontown Comic-Con vibe down.
I really like coming here.
One of the things I like about it is,
Comic-Con is a time when I can walk down a really crowded city street.
Just every 10 minutes, someone goes,
Dan Harmon!
And it's perfectly timed every time
because it's just as my self-esteem has started to crash.
Ten more minutes.
It's never a problem.
It's never...
I just realized if you're dressed as a banana or a stormtrooper
or Mario or something,
because I see people, they say to each other,
they go, Deadpool! Hey, Deadpool!
And then the Deadpool comes over and they get a picture with him.
And I'm like, oh, this is what we all come here for.
It's an opportunity to craft.
I don't know, it's just a high you get at a people telling you...
Everyone should experience that.
If we lived in a tribe of 100 people,
probably one one-hundredth of your day
would be filled with people going, hey, Kevin! Tasha!
You know, like, I need a shoe.
I need a roof on my cottage.
And biologically, we're designed for that.
Emotionally, we're designed for...
Nobody makes roofs like Tasha.
I mean, I'm a feminist.
I believe that's true.
Thanks, ladies.
The thanks-ladies phase of feminism may be over.
But I'm 42.
I think that's where I peek out.
Thanks, ladies.
Hey, ladies, by applause, who's a feminist?
It's a ladies night for feminism.
Wear your feminist bracelet and you can have blowjob shots.
For free.
Okay, so a couple...
Let's go on our lightning round,
hilarious observations from Dan Sagma.
Okay, let's do this shit.
Yelp, yelp, yelp.
These are little things I put in my evernote.
I just wanted to say them, and that's why I wrote them down.
Don't turn your frown upside down,
because it's time for observations.
Okay, so, you know when you're in any building,
whatever, in a hotel or anything,
and every once in a while the three-prong electrical outlet
is upside down,
the little hole, the little third hole
is on top instead of on the bottom,
is that a guy who did it wrong,
or is that like the Jackson Pollock of electricians?
Is he like, fuck, this is my fucking flourish?
Someone's raising their hand.
This is apparently the guy that does it.
Certified Electrician, get up here.
Get up here!
It's a new segment.
It's called Ask a Certified Electrician.
We don't have a structure to this show.
You thought this was going to be a...
You thought there was going to be a Seinfeld bit.
If Seinfeld was doing this show,
he would have been like, fuck it.
Grab a mic.
What's your name, sir?
Logan. Take the mic out of the stand and hold it like a human being.
You're an electrician!
He's not a roadie.
I'm also a union electrician, local 569 in San Diego.
Yeah!
And we all know the Death Star was non-union labor.
Wait, what's not the Death Star is non-union labor?
That's a Kevin Smith reference.
I guess.
I don't know. Who knows.
He's okay with the guy.
Yes, that was the Kevin Smith joke.
Alright, so upside down three prong outlets.
Why?
The other two, one's a hot, one's a neutral.
And if those are actually the other way,
and you happen to drop your metal piece of something,
and it hit those, and you're connected to it,
you would hurt yourself.
That's why if it's the other way...
So you're a union electrician, but you call it a metal piece of something?
No, let's say your metal piece of clothing,
or some sort of metal thing that happened to hit it,
or something you're reading, I don't know,
but I would hit it, so that's why when it actually does hit it, you get hurt.
So if it's the ground, which is the little point,
hits it first, because it slides behind the bed or the table,
you're safer, because it hits the ground.
If it hits the neutral and the hot, boom!
It makes contact, not the way it should be,
and then you'll hurt yourself.
Is my brain moving slower, or is there...
You're saying that makes the difference between upside down or right side up?
Yes, so when you see a face that is upside down,
where it's just the mouth on top, and then two eyeballs...
Now you're talking my language.
When Mr. Bill is upside down.
So yeah, the first thing it would hit, if it was upside down, would be the ground.
When you say the first thing it would hit,
you mean if you're working on the wiring behind the...
No, anything that might hit it, like an article of metal, or something...
Or like a thumbtack in the wall.
How did you hit a hole?
Let's say you're just having a wild dance party.
So your plug is hanging out of the wall, such that some of the metal is visible, right?
And a thumbtack falls off the wall and topples into that crevice.
Oh, if it's not all the way plugged in.
Yes. Brilliant, okay.
Okay, so upside down is the fucking actual Zorro way to do it.
It is the code way, because it's the safest way.
Oh, and all union electricians know that.
Oh my God, thank you, electrician!
He's a union electrician!
Put him upside down, you piece of shit!
What was his name?
What was your name?
Logan.
Fake name, fake name.
All right, so, okay, more random...
We've already gotten more shit done in the harm of town than we ever have.
It's San Diego, it's a port town.
In LA, you're just playing to a crowd of people that are like,
I hope Spielberg orders lunch soon.
Or I might have a job.
Some of these people's parents haul fish, Jeff.
All right, they skin dolphins here.
This is a labor town.
I gotta get that orca into his paddock.
Or my children won't eat.
All right, so there's electricians here.
We get them from San Diego.
Movie skeletons.
I asked my chiropractor.
He said, does your back feel better?
I said, I guess.
And then I was leaving and he goes like,
hey, any more questions you have for me?
And I said, yes.
In the movies, when you find a skeleton,
they wouldn't stay together, would they?
Like when you find a pirate and he's like holding a fucking sack of gold,
and he's got a hat on and a trench coat,
like that's not real.
And he's like, well, they're held together by ligaments.
And I'm like, and they would, and he's like, they would rot.
And I'm like, so goonies is a piece of shit.
You can't have fucking skeletons in the midst of like,
steering a ship.
That shit wouldn't happen.
Wait, so you're not, you don't have a problem with a skeleton being alive,
just that it's together?
Well, I'm assuming if you're allowing for magic,
then you're allowing that they could just be like,
I don't know if brooms can fight Mickey Mouse,
then a skeleton can hang out, I guess.
But, but when you find a skeleton,
on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride, when you're in Lyon,
there's that pirate that's like leaning up against a wall with a sword through his chest.
He would just be a pilot.
Yeah, it's not like Hiroshima where it's like,
oh, there was a kid throwing a ball in the air or, or like, too soon.
They're not saying boo, they're saying goonies.
Or, or okay, okay guys, Pompeii.
Is that, is that cool enough?
All right, you guys over, Pompeii?
This was a rich man getting held up by a beggar,
like, you know, getting to see him, it's like,
okay, I guess the ash fell that fast.
But if you, unless you, if you lay down,
and we're like, I'm gonna die,
I'm gonna be a skeleton when they find me,
I'm gonna lay down, you'd have to lay all the way down,
and then just like, make sure there was no air in the room,
and like, and then you slowly rot,
like 6,000 years later, you'd be a skeleton,
but the minute somebody was like,
look, it's a skeleton, if they touched your arm,
you couldn't like, lift you up like a puppet.
Your arm would make all of the,
it would fall down like a house of cards.
All right, so I'm glad I could thank you.
We're getting so much done today.
Okay, all right, screenwriters,
I know there's 90 of you in the room right now,
because, because the software does the formatting work,
so now everyone's a fucking screenwriter.
Uh, I'm gonna take a page out of your, uh, script.
Uh, everything happens suddenly.
Dumb fucks.
Stop telling, everything happens suddenly.
If a car explodes gradually, let me know.
Otherwise, I imagine it suddenly.
I know it's a, a car explodes, you're done, move on.
Save a word, Frasier.
I didn't pick, I'm not gonna picture the car
slowly turning orange and then blossoming
into a dismantled car over the period of six months.
Have you never said suddenly in a script, even early days?
When I was, uh, dumb and then I grew,
that's why I'm angry, it's called bullying.
Okay, pedicabs.
Hey, could we have a more uncomfortable on the nose
manifestation of the class system?
Okay.
I can't fucking, I'm so lazy, I can't do it,
I gotta keep using them, and I'm just sitting back there.
Could you feel more ancient and more Roman
than when you were writing about these things
and there's just a guy.
Okay, alright.
Uh, okay, one more.
No, a ten more.
Okay, this has been a long time coming,
I saved it for tonight.
Why would you have a favorite color?
I agree.
What does that mean?
It's stupid.
Stupid.
Why would you have a favorite color?
That doesn't mean anything.
Does that mean you want everything to be that color?
Then you're using color wrong.
That's like having a favorite musical note.
Hat, hat, hat, hat, hat.
That's it, you wouldn't be a musician,
you'd design car alarms.
Or people say, what's your favorite flavor ice cream?
I said, no, I like ice cream.
Motherfucker, put a hot dog in it on Monday
and then put some pretzels in it on Tuesday.
I don't want a hot dog in my ice cream.
Yeah, you do.
No.
We're gonna prove it by the end of the day.
You go like ice cream, we just found that out.
You gonna put a hot dog in it on a Monday?
I like it.
Hiroshima.
We did Hiroshima though, right?
Yeah, that was our fault.
That's like a, I can't come up with a non-offensive example.
So I won't.
Okay.
You're welcome.
Spencer, all right.
You're Harry Truman, you're the newly-elect president.
It's the end of World War II.
Do you drop the atomic bomb, the newly created atomic bomb
to end the war and save lives, or do you not do it?
Make your answer thoughtful enough that I can make a drink.
Okay.
So, I mean, what did Harry Truman do besides that?
Anything?
Not a whole lot.
He wasn't in office very long, I don't think.
Well,
See what?
The Warsaw pack.
Warsaw pack.
Thank you, sir.
The Warsaw pack.
He did beat do it.
But not according to one newspaper.
So, this is coming off the heels of the Warsaw pack.
Yeah, he's riding high on that.
Yeah.
He's got that Warsaw pack's cachet.
All right.
Dance good.
Now, your secretary of defense and war and all those people come in and say,
all right, Mr. President, we have this new weapon.
We're going to drop it, or we won't.
Do we do it to save American lives and kill a zillion people instantly,
or do we not do that morality-wise?
Do we do it to scare off the Nazis and the rest of the world,
the Soviets who are current allies, maybe our next enemy?
What do you do?
You're President Spencer Crittenden.
Drop the fucking hammer.
But you know that was not about protecting ourselves from the Japanese.
We had won that war.
That was about an excuse.
It was about making them surrender.
When they were going to lose.
No, it was about revealing.
Let's bring Logan back up.
Logan, get back up here.
I'm kidding, of course.
It was obviously about revealing in our game of Hearthstone
that we had the fucking mushroom cloud card.
Yeah, most actions have multiple reasons, sure.
But that was the reason.
The Japanese weren't defeated.
Yeah, but they weren't giving up.
That was the thing.
They were defeated, but they weren't giving up.
And they needed to check it out.
Half your city, two of your cities are gone, fucking give up.
But we were showing that to the world.
Yeah, both of us are right.
How about that?
Yeah, we're both right.
Okay.
I mean, talk about, the real quandary is Nagasaki.
Like why the second one?
The answer in our history books when we were kids.
Down in Nagasaki where the men on Chuchabaki
and the women wiki-waki-wook?
Too soon.
Nagasaki, we dropped the bomb right away on them.
And that was in history, what we learned in American grade schools
is the reason we did that is because, and this sounds,
this could either be true or not true,
but it just sounds so sixth grade.
Like we had to drop the bomb on Nagasaki
because otherwise they would have thought
we only were able to make one.
That's the only reason that I know of.
That's the only reason that I learned.
There's like, I mean,
those pilots have written memoirs and books and shit.
There might be some crazy drama surrounding the second bomb, man.
The second one was about, it missed.
It flew over a hill.
It didn't take out as much as the town as they hoped it would.
Yeah.
Yeah, they wanted to bomb somewhere else, right?
Yeah, but the weather was bad that day, right?
The weather was bad for bombing.
That's my main problem with Japan.
It's usually terrible bombing weather.
Speaking of military strategy,
this was a historic comic-con.
They had drones down on the dock
that were like shaped like the Doctor Who TARDIS.
And they were flying them up in the air
and the fucking Air Force came in and shut it down.
What?
Yeah.
That's what I heard.
I wasn't there.
Were they jealous?
They're like, are you for me?
Jealous?
Make a rectangle.
Make a saginal...
I think they're just so close to it.
I mean, this is a military base.
San Diego is a military base.
There's an enormous aircraft carrier out in the harbor right now.
There's a couple.
Logan, what's the name of the aircraft carrier?
That wasn't Logan, but thank you, sir.
The Vincent.
Reagan and the Vincent.
I don't know any more details on that.
The Reagan class?
The Reagan and the Vincent.
The Nimitz class.
Oh, Nimitz class.
Holy shit.
Anyways, they had to put a net around
where they were demonstrating the drones,
because now everyone can have a drone now.
And so they were like,
but you can't have a drone.
You could wage war on America now
with your Dr. Who Tardis.
They got nervous.
They know shit we don't about drone warfare then,
because I don't think anyone out there was thinking,
boy, if we put a bomb on this,
if we put an ISIS guy on there,
and they were thinking that,
they're like, if there was an ISIS guy on there...
If you put a guy on the drone, it's not a drone anymore.
It's just a plane.
Not if he's not flying it, though, right?
Say what?
Not if he's not flying it.
Yeah, what if he's like the bomb?
Isn't it still a drone if he's just hanging out?
He's just laying back?
Yeah.
If he's taking a nap, it's a drone.
And he's on a drone.
I've seen Minecraft drones that look like gasts.
No one gets it.
We all get it.
I mean, it's not a joke, really.
So, right reaction.
Okay.
Also right reaction.
I want to know more about this guy wearing the banana house.
I don't know if we do.
We don't want to know.
He's dressed like a banana.
I mean...
No, he's just pointed at himself like me.
Oh, no.
Okay, get out here.
Banana guy.
Banana gentleman.
What's your name?
Victor.
I should have known.
Take that mic, banana guy.
What's your name?
Victor.
Why a banana?
Why not?
Yeah.
Alright.
San Diego.
Victor, what is your greatest fear in life?
What's your...
What's the motivating fear in your life?
When you wake up and you have a bad dream,
what's the thing that is the most terrifying possibility
for a gentleman that wears a banana outfit?
Well, I'm in character right now.
So, someone eating me.
No, for real.
Just Victor.
Not banana guy.
Victor.
Not knowing what to say?
Really?
Yes.
Well, what's the worst that could happen
if you didn't know what to say?
People stare at me.
So, as a...
But now we tie it back into you dressing like a banana.
Because your biggest indirect fear
is people staring at you.
No, but I get it because then when you're...
if you dress like a banana,
people will stare at you and you don't have to say anything.
You've said it all.
I'm a banana.
Like a dance.
And you're...
So, your fear...
Like Barack Obama doesn't dress like a banana.
He becomes president.
Like, you're like,
look at me, I'm a banana.
That goes to my thesis earlier,
that people go like,
hey, Deadpool, can I get a picture?
And you're like,
I feel like I'm somebody.
I get that.
I get it.
Like, my banana costume is like having a feud with Chevy Chase
and like...
Like, whatever it takes to...
I get it.
Like, because I get the feeling of like,
oh, I have an identity now
and I don't disparage it at all.
What's...
Where are you at on the Kinsey scale, do you think?
If 100% is like just totally straight as an arrow...
One to six, right?
One to seven.
Oh, is it one to six?
One to six.
One being straightest.
What is the scale?
I think one is straightest
and six is like...
You can go by hypotheticals.
Like, if another dude dressed as a banana came in
and he looked like Ewan McGregor...
Well, that's not even...
That's a...
You'd hit that?
Totally.
Okay.
Alright, that's a good enough answer.
That's at least a three.
Is he really dressed like a banana?
Yeah, of course he's dressed like a banana.
Then you can just split and get out of here.
That'd be cool.
Oh, you guys like...
You guys like word play.
There are three banana punts in the world
and that's one of them.
What's the second one?
I can't...
I'm going bananas.
You're doing it for the group appeal.
Victors of the banana, everybody.
Victors of the banana.
Banana man!
It's a banana.
Alright.
We met a banana today.
Alright, question for you.
Yeah?
There's this movie,
James Franco and Jonah Hill are in it.
It's called True Story.
It's on all the hotel TVs right now.
I didn't really notice it in theaters.
And on all the hotel TVs?
Yeah, everyone.
So it's like about a murderer
and it's based on the True Story
and it's called True Story
and it's like...
It's a serious movie.
Do you think that...
Do you think that Jonah Hill's agent
and James Franco's agent both separately
were like, dude, you got to do...
You got to do another serious one.
Like, you've been silly for like five movies in a row.
Like, let's show them your money ball chops
or your guy with the arm behind a rock chops.
And then they both...
Do you think they both separately were like,
okay, yeah, yeah, I got to pay some dues.
Let's show them some drama shit.
Let's get an Oscar.
And then they walked in a set
and they're like, what the fuck?
When they saw each other,
no one's going to take this movie seriously.
Like, you got to put money ball
with like a dramatic actor and vice versa.
You can't...
They look ridiculous together
and it's a terrible movie.
Okay, let's move on.
So I saw a three-legged dog
walking down the streets of San Diego.
I think I saw that dog.
I love this joke.
It's not a joke.
There's a dog with three legs
with the missing leg was...
Goes into a bar.
The missing leg was in the back.
And I was watching it and the...
You can't tell when dogs...
The fact that the dog could have three legs
and not show it on its face
kind of makes me panic about
how well I'm taking care of my dog.
Because my dog always looks happy
and so did this dog.
And he's one quarter down
of the fundamental economy of dogmas.
He's totally fucked as a dog
and he was like,
yeah, let's go to...
Anybody got some bacon?
But the thing that was really distracting
was like assuming that's a male dog
because I think female dogs kind of squat.
So does Harvey.
Do you know this that male dogs
learn to lift a leg from each other?
It's like a learned behavior.
No.
Male dogs, if they're left in a vacuum,
they'll squat and just pee down.
Where's Harvey on the Kenzie scale?
I don't know.
But anyways, so I was like,
assuming that's a male dog,
what does he do when he pees?
Because half of his back legs are gone.
If he lifts one, he falls right over.
So then right as I said that,
he's stopped by a telephone pole
and it's like the answer was right in front of me.
This dog, the one great thing about his life
is there's no leg to lift.
He just stopped next to a telephone pole
and shot a fucking laser to the side.
He doesn't have to do anything.
He has like fast and furious seven turrets
that come out of this.
He just shoots sideways.
Anyways, okay, so it's a San Diego Comic Con podcast
and you're getting a lot of fast bits.
Okay, alright, you ever seen a commercial,
like a Mountain Dew commercial or a Chip commercial
where a kid rides a bike up a ramp
and then he does a somersault on the bike
and then the whole bike and him go into the ocean?
Where does the bike go?
What does he do with the...
Is there a bunch of bikes down there?
Does he have to swim with the bike like he's rescuing it?
What a dumb thing to do.
Dangerous and stupid.
Are you worried about the bikes or about the ecology?
I think I'm worried about the earth, yeah.
I think once we solve all our other problems
we're gonna have to deal with this mountain of bikes.
If anybody had the time or the energy, go to Huntington Beach, California
where I spent most of my time ditching high school
and most of my wallets are there.
About 20 yards out.
I kept going into the water with a wallet in my pocket
and you come out with no wallet.
They're all there.
You think there's pickpockets down there?
It's those fish, man.
Oh, your wallets are out.
They just fall out.
Yeah, it was in a pocket.
Okay, how do you feel about the Bloody Mary Arms Race?
About putting shit in the Bloody Mary?
Yeah.
I feel, you start all fucking follow-up.
I feel very strongly about it.
In Portland, you order a Bloody Mary.
And it comes with a sandwich on it and the whole thing, yeah.
Like everybody's in this arms race.
A Bloody Mary should be a small drink.
It shouldn't be a giant, I know there's bartenders here
and I don't want you guys to be offended.
It should not be in a pint glass with ice and a bunch of shit in it.
It should be in a small, high bar glass.
It should be chilled with a lemon.
And that's it.
Right?
Was that Logan?
Who was that?
It should be restorative drink.
You drink that one to get your shit back together
so you can start drinking booze again.
Like a real drink.
You shouldn't have a 19-ounce Bloody Mary with a cheeseburger on it.
There's places with a turkey leg dipped in it
and then there's like two snorkels coming out.
If you tell a bartender, I just want it chilled up in a glass with a lemon.
They look at you like you're fucking crazy.
That you don't want 19 things hanging off the side of it.
Fucking kill everybody.
Alright.
Final beverage question.
This ends my segment.
Our whole show's a segment.
A lot of these kids out here, they're younger than us.
But they went to schools.
I just want to ask, I just got very curious about this
because I was remembering my cafeteria days.
Have they made these half pint milk cartons easier to fucking open yet?
Or do you still have to...
There's like 25% of them.
You have to rip open like Wolverine to get in the...
You look like a fucking asshole.
Why do the jocks always know how to do it better?
What are we doing wrong?
Is it still that?
It's just a bunch of glue and paper
and you just have to take the luck of the draw?
Okay, just checking.
Yeah, why would they change that? Who's going to profit from that?
They put water on cartons.
Are they easier to open or is it the same?
Yeah.
They make you drink water out of a half pint carton?
It's better for the earth.
What about water fountains?
That's worse for the earth?
Plastic bottles.
But I mean, what about the water fountains?
They never served me water in the cafeteria.
I don't know what conversation this is.
They never served you water at the cafeteria?
Yeah. No, they did not.
No.
So why are they putting water in half pint cardboard cartons?
To save the earth.
From what?
From plastic.
They don't give you plastic bottles in the cafeteria.
Okay, they do now? Well, that's their problem.
They should stop doing that.
Are we only talking about in the schools?
Because I feel like I've seen them in stores.
You know, like bigger ones.
Right, bigger. Yes, that I get.
I'm talking about in schools.
Cafeteria.
Mock chicken leg and your green beans and your ketchup.
Wait, the kids ones are the easiest to open at any carton.
It's those minute-made ones from Jack in the Box
that are the real problem.
Fifth, that's the real problem.
Let me tell you.
Also, I've read poachers.
Okay, I want to bring up a guy that I met at a signing.
Because I hope he's here.
He came up and he was getting his Rick and Morty stuff signed.
And then he asked Justin and I, Justin and me,
Justin and you.
Justin and we.
He got the signature and then he said,
by the way, what are each of your guys' favorite Tom Petty songs?
And Justin answered and then I said,
I guess Free Fallen, I don't know,
which Dino told me today was the wrong answer.
But at any rate, he took the two answers
and then he was like, okay, thanks.
I started to walk away and I was like, get back here.
Why?
You do get to ask me that.
And he said, oh, I'm just really into Tom Petty and I really,
I always ask everybody that.
And I was like, can you please, are you coming to the show
and will you please come up and, you know,
being passionate about something so specific,
like I just like to meet these people.
Is Robert here?
Robert, are you here?
No?
Nope.
Oh, he shot his family.
Okay.
Wait, he didn't come?
He turned Free Fallen up to 11.
And I'm free.
Free Fallen running down a dream.
Don't come around here no more.
Wait, did you invite him to the show
and he didn't fucking come?
He said he was going to be at the show.
I wouldn't invite him to the show.
These people went through hell and back
to get into the show.
But I thought he was going to be here.
I went to go see the Jeff Lynn documentary
called Mr. Blue Sky, which is great.
And I was standing at Nokia Live,
like a small theater.
And I was standing in a little corridor.
And we were so rammed together.
There was a short guy next to me with a hat.
And I couldn't see his face because he was shorter than me.
He had a big hat, a Gandalf hair.
And he was smoking early days vape pen.
But it was clearly like weed.
And he's like, hey man, you want some?
I was like, what is it?
Marijuana?
I go, no, that'll get me too high.
I get too high in marijuana.
I go, hash it.
And he goes, oh shit.
If you know him when he has any hash, oh fuck off.
I want that hash.
Oh, man.
I couldn't see his face.
He had a big brim hat.
And I was like, who the fuck is this guy?
He's American, so he's not in ELO.
Who the fuck is this guy?
He sits down in front of me.
He's fucking Tom Petty.
I was like, I was so happy.
I didn't know that it was Tom Petty.
Because I would never have been that glib
and chatty with him.
I would have been freaking out the whole time.
He just wanted to be like, yeah,
if you can score some hash oil, man,
let's fucking do that shit.
What if he just kept bugging you
for the rest of your life?
He was like, hey, Tom.
I found some hash oil.
I thought we had an agreement.
I mean, I guess I picked wrong with Free Fall
and I don't know.
Because Dino was going like, that's the wrong side.
I'm like, what would you pick?
And he's like, I can't remember what he said.
But he said, I won't back down.
I'm like, well, that's just whining.
Also, isn't there a bit where like,
most of Tom Petty's songs have the word
down in the title?
There's like a lot of them.
There's Running Down a Dream.
I won't back down.
I think there's a bunch more.
But the only part of Free Fall that I like
is when he actually literally says,
and I'm free, Free Falling,
because the rest of the song is like Bad Mountain Goats,
kind of like over specific geographic stuff.
I was like, I'm on, I'm on first street
eating pretzel.
There's a goat leash and a shoe on my foot.
That's like an old singer thing.
They run out of chops,
and then they just start fucking grinding
at specificity.
They're like, I'm on third and Wabash
in 2252, Recita.
I know that's something old people do.
There's some plywood,
and it costs 3.99 a pound at Home Depot,
on Ventura Boulevard.
Whenever you're getting geographically specific,
you're blying some fucking,
because young kids, we love music by 22-year-olds
that are, you listen to the lyrics of the songs we love,
and they're just like, I won't let you down.
I love you so much.
And we're like, you're adorable,
and this is awesome,
and I'm going to have sex to this song.
But they're not poets.
They don't have to be, because they're young.
But old people are just like, September 3rd.
The day after Mother's Day.
The barometric pressure was 72%.
I get into my Chevy 57 Impala.
Like, stop telling me all this shit.
Like, get your shit out of my fucking brain.
Just tell me what it feels to be alive.
You don't know, do you?
You don't know.
You just have memories of random shit.
That's what Alzheimer's patients do.
I remember a fuzzy slipper.
Mom, go to bed.
Do you want to have sex?
I'm your son, go to bed.
But Howard Hughes is about to sing Winky Doodle.
You're wrong.
That's George Gershwin.
You pick the wrong song.
You pick the one that's all specific.
And the part that's like, free, free falling.
Because Tom Penny's whiny.
And so if you're going to whine about something,
whine about being free.
Him saying I won't back down is kind of like,
you just sound stubborn.
Johnny Cash singing I won't back down,
it sounds badass.
I won't back down.
Like, oh shit, this guy's going to stop apartheid.
Or something.
He won't back down from fucking, from the third rite.
Like, it sounds badass.
Tom Penny is like, when he said I won't back down,
it sounds like he didn't get the right kind of mustard
or something.
Eh, I want a refund.
I'm not leaving here without my money back.
I won't back down.
I'm putting my foot down.
Because I'm a consumer watchdog.
And I won't back down.
And if you go on to my Tumblr blog,
you can see the other companies I've written to.
I won't shop at Fry's, baby.
Their customer service is rude.
How do you film a Bob Dylan?
Are you a Bob Dylan fan?
I guess I missed out on that.
I'm sure he was very ironic and interesting
when, in 1928?
Yeah.
That was his early stuff.
That was certainly his very early stuff.
I get it.
I mean, I guess Easy Writer's a good movie.
I don't know.
No, I'm saying, I'm comparing the two.
I'm not saying Bob Dylan was an Easy Writer.
But I'm saying, like, there's shit that you miss the boat on
and you kind of historically look and go,
oh, okay, I understand the significance.
What's your guilty pleasure at home?
Like, your music, if you're alone and want to wallow.
I'm assuming, like, you and I,
I think we both have talked about this before.
We like sad songs.
Who's your guilty pleasure?
I've listened to Dream Pop and, like,
I mean, now I listen to, like, shit that,
to me, is modern, but then Aaron goes,
that's from 2006.
I listened to that in grade school.
How old is she?
I'm really into the postal service or whatever.
I'm like, man, I hope my wife over here is this.
She's going to get turned on.
I'm very young and hip.
And she's like, that's what, the Beetlejuice was in theaters.
Like, why are you...
But, yeah, I don't know.
I like moody sad songs.
Spencer, how about you?
What's your go-to?
When you're at home, do you play music?
No, I mean, when I'm driving around,
I listen to either NPR, which is...
Yeah, they do music, too, so it's not just that.
And then also...
I think it's going to be the first show
where people have screamed and it wounded for NPR.
I doubt that, man.
NPR is great.
Have you heard...
I heard a piece on NPR.
I don't know if this is true.
I don't know how scientifically accurate this is.
It's true.
But supposedly, the morning is becoming less and less eclectic.
No.
Yeah.
It's by, like, six inches a year.
Okay.
Yeah, by 2019, the morning won't be eclectic.
It's true.
It's thanks to Chris Doritos.
You guys don't listen to Morning Becomes Eclectic this week.
You'd know.
He's sitting in for Jason Bentley.
They don't get up that early.
See, they know who Jason Bentley is.
Well, these guys do.
Dan, if you could be in a band, like a big rock band,
like a major thing, would you be lead singer,
guitar, drums, bass, laying in the background,
keyboard, background singer, maybe?
Like, background vocals.
What would you be if you could be in a huge band?
Well, are we in this hypothetical universe?
Does my talent knows no bounds and also...
You could be as good or as bad as you want to be.
Well, I'd be the lead singer.
Okay.
And so would every bass player.
If they could.
Otherwise, why are they on stage?
I wish I was singing.
Their personalities, they would rather be slightly...
I don't believe that's true at all.
Rock bands are like five people.
If you show me the second chair violinist,
the LA Philharmonic, I'll believe that she doesn't wish
that she was David Lee Roth.
I don't believe that Dave Grohl didn't wish he was Kurt Cobain.
That's not as soon as fucking right on time.
I don't believe it.
I think rock bands are the reason they're fun to watch
is because there's five dudes who all hate each other
and wish that they...
I know musicians that are happy.
They're happy.
I want to be on stage, but I would never want the onus
of being the front woman.
But why is it an onus if you're so good?
That's why I asked, am I so good that I don't have to worry about shit?
Then, yeah, I'll take all the attention.
Keanu Reeves told me we were very drunk in Vegas one time.
He's like...
Holy crap.
His favorite thing is playing bass.
He likes playing bass and not...
He doesn't charm the crowd.
He doesn't rock out.
He just hangs his head down.
This is back in the Dog Star days.
It was a long time ago.
And he goes, he's like, Jeff, being in a band
is the greatest thing in the world.
He'd rather use that than be a movie star.
If he had his way, he would be
second-settled hair in his face
and no one knew that he...
That doesn't mean that if God came down with a magic wand
and touched his throat
and made him sound like Frank Sinatra,
he wouldn't be like...
I'd still just want to play bass.
He'd be like...
Oh, shoot, I guess I'm the best at this.
A lot of drummers that I know don't want to be up front.
But are they good singers?
Are they good singers?
No, they want to drum.
They want to do that.
I know, but if they could...
Look at Phil Collins.
He's croaking out shit while he's drumming.
He's like...
By applause.
Are there musicians here
that don't want to be a lead singer
and would rather be doing else?
You're just getting lies.
He's called all those people liars.
There's a difference between asking people
if you could be at the spotlight,
would you take it?
And asking them,
are you very happy to take a backseat?
When I was working on...
I think there are people that don't want the spotlight
under any circumstances.
You're taking a position that's very hard
to disagree with without being uncharismatic
because I'm taking the elitist position.
But I will say,
in support of your point,
when I was working on the 81st Oscars,
which I guess I probably...
I was...
Jack Black called me down
because he wanted me to write his pattern,
and he was presenting with Jennifer Aniston.
And I had a headset out on a little clipboard,
and it was like,
oh boy, I got to go down and see Mrs. Aniston
and Mr. Black.
And they were like...
I wrote a joke for them,
and then they were like,
they didn't like the joke,
and I had to rewrite it.
And I was very...
In that moment,
I was very activated.
I liked it.
And if you had stuck a thermometer in me at that point,
and asked,
are you miserable?
Do you hate them?
Do you wish you were presenting at the Oscars?
I wouldn't have said yes.
I was happy in my position.
I felt supportive.
I felt activated.
I felt content.
That's different from saying,
would you switch places with Jennifer Aniston?
Which I would.
What's the first thing you would do
if you were suddenly Jennifer Aniston?
Oh, so much.
I would start by making health care socialized.
Why do you think she hasn't already done that?
I'm sure she has in her little neck of the woods,
but like,
I would use her power for good.
I don't know.
This conversation is dumb.
I would suspect that you and I would both want to be lead singers,
but there are people that would rather play drums
and rather be,
right?
This guy?
Logan.
Fucking Logan.
I feel like,
it's a very uncharismatic thing for me to say
that if you are a bass player,
you must wish you were a singer.
It's different from saying,
I don't think that's,
it's semantics.
Our language doesn't have the nuance to divide those lines.
We're just saying like,
if you like being on stage
and you like playing an instrument
and you like performing for people in a concert,
if a fairy godmother like Tutt
would be able to transform you into a person
who had perfect pitch
and amazing dance moves
or beautiful hair
or whatever it is that makes you feel like
you don't belong at the very front of the performance,
would you then do it?
And at a certain point,
aren't you actually kind of,
I mean being dishonest if you'd say no.
You're like, no, I want to stand behind
a lead singer
and have everyone pointing at me and going,
let the bass player sing.
I think that would come down to more just personalities,
like your own thing,
like let's say you had a great head of hair
and a great voice and everything.
And you still say, no,
I would still like to be a role player,
like be the bass player, be the drummer,
be the cello, play a second violin.
But I think when you're in a band,
like you had said before,
you should always surround yourself
with people that intimidate you.
So if you are in a band
and you're not like,
and the guy that's actually the lead singer,
if he's not a guy that you are like,
man, I wish I could sing like that,
then you're not in the right band.
Like you, if you're like,
this kid, he sings like shit,
but I'll let him.
Like you're in the wrong band.
You're actually being an asshole
by not quitting that band
and going and finding a band
where the lead singer is like,
holy shit, this guy's a star.
So that, if you extend that train of thought,
it's like, so if you magically,
if you had those proclivities,
instead of your bass player proclivities,
what position of the band would you play?
It's almost like a non-question
because it's just sort of like, we all,
what we want is an identity.
We want to be the guy dressed as Deadpool.
We want to be the guy that got fired by NBC.
We want to be the Mario guy.
The guy dressed as a banana.
We want to have a role.
Tasha wants to build her roofs.
All you want is a function
and to know that you are,
that you're nailing it,
that you're doing the most you can
and that if you're not succeeding
as much as you can,
that you're still trying and getting better.
Everyone wants to feel that way all the time.
I don't think Keith Moon wanted to be a Roger D'Algerie.
I think Keith Moon liked being Keith Moon.
You're just using examples that are...
But there's also like a garage band
that's just doing it for fun,
who's never going to, you know,
want to do actual shows.
There's a couple bands like that, right?
There's like three, I think, three.
I don't want to be Dan.
I know that without trying to go to the crowd,
I know there are musicians here
that would be happily, never the lead singer.
We're talking in circles.
I've circumscribed this whole thing
and I'm smarter than everyone in the world.
Like, I...
The way everyone here feels,
I already feel that way.
And more.
That's the bottom line.
I feel everything.
I know what it's like to be black.
It's hard.
But cool.
That track.
Salty.
And a little sweet.
Dan, okay, let's say that you were in the Philharmonic,
in a big orchestra.
Where it's not about first chair,
you can be first chair anything you want.
What instrument would you play if you could play anything?
Tuba.
Tuba?
Yeah.
Tuba or Suzertham?
A suzertham!
No, fuck you guys.
Straight up tuba.
Proper tuba.
Tuba snap.
Yeah, because then you're in and out.
Are you?
Because how many songs have like a tuba solo?
You just show up and you're like,
just be the best tuba player.
Tuba is like the bass player of the band.
Yeah, so we're talking in circles here.
Like, I...
You want to be a bass player?
There's no lead singer in a symphony.
That's what I meant.
There's no superstar.
You answered my question.
You would like to play a kind of not up front instrument.
It's a specific flavor,
because I would want to stand out.
Hope, hope, hope, hope, hope, hope, hope, hope, hope, hope.
Oh shit, keep it going.
There's the tuba.
Because if you were like the best violinist in the world,
then your friend comes to see the concert and you get off stage
and they're like,
good job.
And you're like, how do you know you dick?
You could eat violinists up there.
All right, let's move on.
Uh, but I don't have a favorite color.
Are you asshole?
What are your top three? Top three?
Uh, orange?
All right.
I love orange.
Baby blue.
Hiroshima.
And AIDS yellow.
Just fuck the queen.
Do you think I was just going to pander?
AIDS yellow.
The color of AIDS.
I went to Home Depot recently.
It's hard to get a good AIDS yellow.
Jaundice AIDS.
The color of your AIDS.
Uh, statistically speaking,
anyone with AIDS here tonight?
Of course, of course.
Yes.
Uh, too soon.
Banana guy.
The, uh...
His banana is AIDS yellow.
Uh...
Banana guy's got AIDS.
Victor, do you have AIDS?
No, okay.
He's clear. He's good.
All right.
So one of the things I like to do when I come to Comic-Con
is hang out with my very, very, very old friend.
As old as the hills.
Who's always here with a little flower on his head,
selling his little, his little trade paperbacks
from his Canadian cartoon, Bob the Angry Flower.
Are you talking about one of my favorite people in the world?
Yeah.
Steven Knottley is here.
Steven Knottley, Bob the Angry Flower.
Are you going to come up, Steve?
You don't have to.
I love this guy.
Hello, Steven. How are you, man?
I'm okay here.
I thought you were kidding when you said you were going to do this.
Do what?
You didn't say it.
I thought you were kidding.
All right.
Holding it.
If you don't know Steven Knottley,
he writes a hilarious and poignant and trenchant little comic strip
and ink and paper.
I use two of those words when I'm pitching.
Is that right?
I don't say poignant.
But trenchant.
Yes.
Maybe salient.
I do say salient.
It's called Bob the Angry Flower,
and it's great commentary.
It's quite wonderfully drawn.
And it expresses all of your impotent rage
and righteous indignation.
That's very cool.
Yeah.
You're one of my oldest and nerdiest friends.
If you combine the old and the nerdy,
you're definitely into one scale.
That's definitely your top of the list.
If you sort by nerdy and oldy.
Do you remember when you were sitting in my one bedroom apartment
while I was writing Monster House,
and for some reason I had cocaine,
and we were trying cocaine.
I was writing Monster House.
I do.
I remember that.
It had the tenor of a proto-Harmontown encounter
where I was like, we don't really do cocaine here,
but let's just do this anyway because I have some.
I just had some.
Because when I moved to LA,
I found out you could just call someone and have it delivered.
A choir of cocaine.
And that wasn't the gaze of Milwaukee.
So I was like, okay, I'll take some of that too.
It's like cinnamon sticks.
Yeah.
And then it turns out cocaine is kind of a lot of fun.
We got a lot of talking done about technology and stuff.
And then you spend a lot of time doing stuff like this.
Like very excitedly.
Yeah.
And then I tried to write Monster House,
and I was like, the house is a monster.
And then that's why the third act is just like,
let me find some dynamite.
But I remember way back then you blew my mind with this concept.
You introduced me to it, which is the idea that intelligence is a field
that is the actual thing that is alive in the universe.
And that DNA life itself is sort of a subset of that.
Because there's an intelligence to the universe.
Not intelligent design.
That information.
Let's say information, not intelligence.
Anybody have any coke?
That the idea is that genetically reproduced life is sort of the pawn in the game.
The reason why there's living things on Earth,
eating each other, and evolving based on which person or thing it's eating,
is because overall there's just this drive by this field
that wants to continue to store more and more information.
It's not even a field.
I was sort of summarizing stuff that a guy named Robert Wright has written about.
He's got a book called Non-Zero that he talks about this in great depth,
which is basically like there's zero-sum encounters.
If you're playing tennis, if you win, then I lose. Zero-sum.
But there are encounters in which there are non-zero-sum that both can win.
And basically entropy is the bad side of it,
but the good side is you put energy in,
you can have things that both sides get more out of it.
There's an entropy cost.
But basically things become more complicated and glommed together,
and then those things become more complicated and glommed together.
And that just happens, whether you're a quark, or an atom, or a molecule,
or a lobo, or a zip-head, or a lobo, or a dead pool, or a trank,
or a worm, or a person, or a corporation, or a human being,
or a robo-galactic mega-brain, or a flower.
So the idea being that, as far as our position in this whole thing,
is that we are the pinnacle of genetic information evolution.
We have chromosomes jammed into the cells of our body
that are so coiled up and so stuffed into each cell's nucleus
that the operation of them splitting takes this enormously complicated process
because it's just spools and spools and spools of molecular information.
But the sum total of that is that we're these monkeys that have these brains,
and we're building these computers, and we're creating new ways to store information.
And we seem to be doing it compulsively.
Not all of those things make us better monkeys.
We seem compelled to keep advancing our way of storing and transferring information,
sometimes directly in spite of what actually profits us as primates.
And so it's almost as if we're being compelled by some horrible larger...
No, maybe not horrible, maybe wonderful, but certainly not a thing that's rooting for us.
Something that's kind of like using us as a little slipper
that it's going to get tired of and step out of and move on from.
Well, the way I would look at it is like, if you look at yourself,
you consider yourself to be a singular entity, right?
You are Dan Harmon.
But at the same time, you are a corporation made up of trillions and trillions of cells that make up Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
And those cells are individual living beings.
And there is a long history of those cells learning how to make up a corporation
of tens of trillions of trillions of cells that can actually work as a gigantic corporation,
all doing their little jobs, to be this thing that, on the level of a cell,
you could not imagine cells don't picture that the thing that they make up is conscious
in the way that they know.
You know, if they're just like, well, here I am, a capillary cell, and I've got my buddies here.
We're all sort of pasted together, and we see all the dudes go by and blah, blah, blah.
Do you ever think about God? Do you ever think about there's a guy named Dan that we're all a part of?
And it's like, shut up and do your job, man. Like, process that oxygen.
But you are that entity.
Right.
And now we also make up other entities.
We are parts of corporations. We're parts of nations.
We do not think that the thing United States has an identity,
a sense of self in the way that we ourselves think that we have that.
But why do we think that?
It's completely arbitrary that we, only we, this collection, this assemblage of matter and life,
have the capacity to have an identity, and none others do.
I mean, what would this, what would the macro picture look like if we were all,
would it end at the outskirts of the Earth?
Are we just stuck on this blue marble and like connecting with each other
and trying to form a multicellular organism on the planet that will then reproduce?
I hope so.
Or is it more sinister than that?
I hope so, and it is more sinister than that.
Maybe there's another planet like many light years away that's having the same experience happen to it
and the actual overriding principle is that we're supposed to combine with that
and we have absolutely no say in where this goes.
Who cares though, right?
I mean, I guess, well, no, we all care.
Everybody's got a stake in it.
Not only every human being, but everything in the universe has a stake in its own existence.
Like 5 million, 10 million years ago, there was no such thing as human beings.
50 million years from now, they will look back and go,
oh, that's right, there's no such thing as some kind of Borg-like entity
that covers light years of space and time.
How much time do you think we have as humans?
I'm going to defer to Dan on that one.
Stephen, the joke with Dan and I when we meet Stephen is always,
what's currently your biggest concern?
And you, it's like super volcanoes.
Oh, that's so old.
What right now is your main?
Plastic bottles.
That's the main thing?
Oh, yeah.
I'm just terrified now.
My biggest fear now, have you ever watched that Doomsday Preppers show?
You're more worried about plastic bottles than super volcanoes?
Yes.
Plastic bottles are pretty immediate, I would say.
Did you think they're immediate?
I hear that Tom Selleck was stealing water to water his avocado orchards.
Stealing it from who?
From the city, no, the county of Ventura.
That's where I hail from.
He stole water?
Yeah, he hired people to collect water and then they brought it to his...
I read about that.
That's some fucked up shit, man.
I'd imagine they're watering his mustache though, you know.
Does he sell avocados or does he just...
He eats an orchard or a farm or something.
He loves guacamole.
He has these parties where he's like...
If you haven't had Tom Selleck's guacamole, you have not had guacamole.
I'll tell you, my big panic is not water bottles, although it sounds like I need to learn more about the immediacy of that.
My new thing is, it's just economic collapse.
It's just the idea that everything is based on this fake idea that something's worth something compared to something else,
and that if the American dollar was worth a dollar on Monday and then was worth 70 cents on Tuesday,
the six hours from then, there would be fires on the horizon like Blade Runner,
and six hours from that, cops would stop showing up for work because they'd be like, it's just on fire.
And I'm going to go home and protect my family with my gun from work.
And before I worry about something as cool as a super volcano, I actually...
Which is very cool.
The cool thing to worry about, everybody, read about super volcanoes,
because I don't want to diss your concern about super volcanoes.
They are a great way for humanity to be exterminated.
The first one to lay this out, you were very...
About five years ago, you were very concerned about the super volcano under your somebody.
And now, not so much.
Yeah, I...
But I would agree with you, the economic problem is...
I want to build a big bomb shelter underground and just have water and shotguns and dogs.
Just water and dogs, then everything else will be okay.
Yeah, because I think you can milk dogs and live off of them.
And feed the water.
I'll have mice for the dogs to eat.
I think if you could milk dogs, we would already have done that.
If you could get a dog to milk another dog, we would have done that.
But if you teach them to fish...
We really fucked dogs up. We fucked dogs up.
In other words, we're close to the ideal and idealized economic metaphor.
We're starting out as like, we live in a desert island and you get two coconuts and I catch one fish and we'll...
Yeah, we're all fucked up.
But now that we've moved into dog water milking systems...
When you see a schnauzer, that's a regular dog whose limbs have been bred to be little flippers.
But I do want to refer to what you were saying.
The economic concern, which I would summarize as going, the problem being that even though everybody here...
We're all capitalists, right? Capitalism, yeah?
Yeah.
Capitalism.
Oh boo, also correct.
Almost the same now because...
Any anarcho-cynicalists out there.
But even the people who self-identify as capitalism...
What is capitalism? Is the understanding that capital plus labor equals wealth?
No.
Well, no, it is. That's capital.
Workers create wealth. Wealth is accumulated, that becomes capital.
Land is capital. If I own a piece of land, that's capital.
But I can't make it productive without workers.
Workers create wealth, but capitalists own all the wealth.
Exactly.
Wait, I don't want to miss this point. I'm too stupid. Take me through this, like a children's book.
Capital is the unpaid portion of labor.
If surplus is the unpaid portion...
If everybody got paid for what their work was actually...
There would be no profit.
There would be no capital.
It's the part that you don't pay your laborers. To the extent that we don't pay our workers, that's capital.
That's profit. I own something. I have property rights. I own it.
Now my ownership of it does not allow it to become productive. I apply labor to it.
I pay the laborers something less than I sell it for.
The gap is my profit, which then I feed back into my additional capital.
I become richer and richer, but then I also push forward the story, which is that, basically,
money and wealth is a function of owning and being rich, rather than no money is created by people who work.
It's just that simple. Yet you don't really quite hear people go like,
oh, well, all these rich people... You don't want to take their value or their wealth.
It's like, well, it is their wealth because they own the means of production,
but it's not like they made it. The people who made it made it.
I think we can make this a little clearer for the common man, even though I understand it,
if I do it as a rap.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, capitalism. Yeah, it's forming a schism between the rich and the poor.
It's like jism. Starting over. Yo, I fucked your mama. I fucked your mama.
I fucked your mama so hard it hurt. I fucked your mama like my name was John Hurt.
It's the same word. Sorry. Starting over. Yo, yo.
A dollar's worth this. A dollar's worth that. I fucked your mama until she was blind as a bat.
Flying around using sonar. I fucked your mama. I got a bonar. I put it inside her.
She was like, that's quieter. Starting over. Starting over.
Oh, you were doing a surplus value. Yo, what's up with that shirt?
Yo, are you going to work? Yo, what's up with your hair?
Yo, don't take the stairs. Starting over. Didn't work in the crowd. Didn't work either.
Yo, yo.
Jazz, jazz, jazz, jazz, capital.
Rap, rap, rapity, rap.
Rapitalism.
I'm going to have a rap attack. I'm going to rap good. I'm going to rap good.
I'm going to rap good and I'm rapping real good. Just starting over. Starting over.
There are seven wonders of the world. This rapping is about to be worth it.
Yo, I went out to the street. I needed some bread and I got some meat.
It was on a protein diet, so I had the latter. I fucked your mama like she was pancake batter.
I poured her pussy into a pan. I fucked her as hard as I can, but it wasn't hard enough,
so I got a new job sucking your dad's knob.
I love your dad now. I love your dad now.
Progressive.
I love your dad now.
I love your dad now. Your dad made love to me.
I fucked him so hard that I broke my knee.
Don't fucking try to stop me. Try to shut me down.
No, no. Just getting on a roll.
Yo, yo, yo.
I met your dad in the fall of 72.
I fucked him so hard I lost one of my shoes.
Where did it go?
There's a guy that's mad at the back now.
Alright. 9-11.
Alright, that didn't work. You can't force it.
I think we've learned a lot about the nature of capitalism.
I hope so. I think, you know, there's 500 people here.
Even if you force it.
Those of you who are only listening, Dan was presented by a hilarious gentleman
with a Bloody Mary with everything on top of it.
A BLT's on it?
Did the people at Tin Roof make this or was this assembled by...
I don't know. Also, I wouldn't drink it.
I think it was phoned in from Alaska.
Nikki and Nicole made this out of the...
Thank you.
Nikki and Nicole.
Alright, so do they work here?
May I get a Fernette Bronco, by the chance?
Have you got a Fernette Bronco back there?
Upstairs? What's her name upstairs?
Upstairs. Can I get a Fernette Bronco?
Can we make a human chain and get me a Fernette Bronco?
So you're still on the Fernette?
I wondered if you'd moved on from there.
Motherfucker. Cheeseburger. How is it?
This is the best Bloody Mary I've ever had in my life.
Let's bring my soulmate up, Erin McGathy.
You want to do a rap?
Rap it, rap it.
Rap it out, rap it out.
Yours backstage for a long time.
Waiting for a rock.
Yeah, keep rapping.
Brassist Park. Don't know if the bit went well.
Was unceremoniously excused, but I can't walk in these shoes.
Welcome to McGathey Tech.
This is McGathey Tech.
My favorite color is red-orange.
A favorite color just sounds like having a favorite movie.
You just see it and you like it.
When you see a favorite movie and you have a favorite movie,
it doesn't mean you want to live in it.
You just like it more than the other movies.
It's like having a favorite anything.
Yeah, but...
Colors.
White is all the colors together.
Yes.
Yeah.
But...
Is Citizen Kane better or worse than Star Wars?
And that's like, oh, what's my favorite movie?
Well, okay, come on, you're racing.
You're racing.
You have favorite movies all the time and you have a favorite movie, too.
That was Luke Skywalker losing his sled.
We hadn't planned the end of that bit or any of that bit.
I'll tell you, there are a few things that are then walking off the stage
in these shoes down that thing.
Why is that sad?
Because I can't walk in these shoes.
These are these crazy heels from that movie.
And also no woman ever wants to be sent to her paddock.
Even if she owns the paddocks, even if she drives, there are hers.
Yes.
All right, so how's it going?
Any complaints?
I rapped about the color thing.
But seriously, you have a favorite color?
Yes, red orange.
Red orange.
Can't even pick.
Not red and orange, but like a red orange.
Okay, my favorite is blue, yellow, green.
I guess I'm better at it.
So that's like a teal.
Okay.
It's more like double green, isn't it?
What's your favorite color, Spencer?
It's extra green.
Yeah, just extra green.
My favorite color is green.
It's a good color.
It's a funny thing to be mad about.
I think you should let people do their own thing.
I'm not telling them to do anything.
You're telling them to die because they like colors.
I announced that I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore.
And they fucking, they rose up and they were like, finally, someone says it.
Who has a favorite color?
They were like, finally, finally, the fucking.
So here has a, who likes, who likes a color?
Thank you.
Who has a favorite one?
All right.
Well, let's go.
I'm going to, I wish we had a wireless mic because I just want to like,
I just want to run through and get everyone's favorite color.
Why would you stop people from that?
I don't want to.
I want to, I want to celebrate it.
You have lost, you have lost a cord there.
I think you can probably roam.
I don't think I can make it out there.
Check it out.
You have lots of cable there in front of you.
Oh.
You're the one person I'm not going to ask.
Now, Dan, you came down pretty hard on Bloody Mary.
Navy blue is the Tim Allen of colors.
Shit.
Harvard's full of protein.
Now he's going to fucking come right after you.
Don't die, Dan.
Where's the hamlet?
Are you choking?
I just inhaled a piece of burger.
I'm fine.
You know how when you, just a fleck of food goes into your lungs?
It's not going to kill me.
It's just going to bum me out for the next hour.
See what?
They said you're great.
Davis and Gray, what?
That's a good color.
That's the Navy blue guy.
Why don't we do a rainbow prism from red to purple?
And you applaud for your favorite color.
That's just the Navy blue guy.
His favorite color is pandering.
He's a fucking schmoo.
Take over the show, I'm going to die.
You flew too close to the sun, Nicarus.
I inhaled a piece of...
The color wheel is horseshit because it's not a wheel.
It starts at ultraviolet and goes to infrared.
We just curl it up because we can't see anymore.
Oh shit.
Science snap.
You're all perceptive.
You have to take over the show.
I'm going to die.
The guy who's telling you colors are bad
can't swallow properly.
Which is something that babies can do.
Also, you came out, you opened with
you hate buddy marriage with food in it.
Now it's going to kill you.
I like the food pipe.
I explained something to you.
Here's why you don't want food to drink.
You tried to drink your food.
You can't drink food.
You can't drink over 40 years.
Here we go.
Starting at the top of the rainbow.
Red.
Orange.
Yellow.
Green.
Blue.
Purple.
Interesting.
Smart crowd, right?
Because smart people are...
Black.
This guy in the front row.
I like Seafoam green once in a while.
I like a nice Seafoam.
These MC John shirts are all in Seafoam green.
Minty 90s color.
Black is the absolute ball color.
We're doing a different scale.
Who loves black?
Jeff Davis suit gray.
White.
Yeah.
Who hates all colors?
Monochrome.
Grayscale.
I'm just warning you guys.
You kids.
You're esophageal flap.
You know how your toilet...
Some of you guys have apartments.
Have you had to fix your toilet?
Because there's a little flap that makes it sealed.
And then the tank can fill up with water.
You know how it rots away?
And you have to replace it.
42.
Vodka.
It doesn't seal all the way.
So, I'm just warning you.
Drink smoothies.
Dan, have you ever hidden anything in your toilet tank?
Thanks, Steve.
Oh, thank you, Steve.
Steve was one of the Raptors earlier.
Can I have a sip of your bloody Mary?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
What if that's how I had done?
Oh, man.
San Diego's my hometown.
It's nice to have you here.
We're still living in Bankers Hill.
Hell?
Just keep going.
Do you have any friends here that want to talk about science or anything?
You okay, then?
No, I'm not.
But it's fine.
I'm asking as a friend.
Take the show. I have to keep coughing up little tiny
molecules of burger.
Because I inhaled
and it slid down
past the esophageal flap.
There's a little Han Solo
has invaded the Death Star of my body.
Wash it down with some bacon.
Was
anybody at the Star Wars
panel?
That must have been tremendous.
Harrison Ford came out.
You weren't told that any of those people were going to show up, right?
Carrie Fisher showed up
and Harrison Ford showed up.
And then JJ Abrams took them all out
like Andy Kaufman's style said,
we're all going to a concert.
And then the San Diego Philharmonic
played Star Wars.
You went to my panel, thank you.
Where we had to try to do a Rick and Morty
table read under the fireworks
from JJ Abrams.
Didn't that help?
No, it was fine. It was great.
Have I ever met Kevin Smith?
His panel
was after the Star Wars
panel and so there was just
no one there.
I'm not laughing at his misfortune.
Yeah, you are.
It's fine.
We all do.
He's fine.
He's Kevin Smith.
Touchy points.
Dave Grohl and Kevin Smith for these guys.
I think that was Kurt Cobain though.
It was Kurt Cobain they were reacting to.
Everyone loves that guy for some reason.
Was Dave Grohl here?
No.
I was at a bar with
in New York.
Dave Grohl had just played food fighters
at a bar and he comes down
and he had just played
for fucking three hours.
He's an indefatigable on stage
and he had diapers with him.
He's holding a bag of diapers.
I said, do you have a baby
or are you just really eccentric?
He goes, oh shit man.
I wish I was an eccentric.
I got a baby.
He puts one on in the middle of a guitar solo
that takes so long and eats a piece of pizza
and doesn't stop until he shits it out.
What about the animator
who created Bugs Bunny?
Tex Avery.
Tex Avery was such a workaholic
and so dedicated to his work
that he would push his bladder
so far when he was working
and he wouldn't want to get up
and go to the bathroom.
It was like a thing about him until one day
his bladder burst.
It was working so hard.
When it went goooogah.
That's poop doc.
I still have half a hamburger lodged
right on the lip of my esophagus.
He goes back from that and goes like
what classic Bugs Bunny cartoon
did that incident inspire?
I think that's one of the good ones.
What's opera doc?
What's opera doc is the best one?
Probably that one.
You can tell how much money they spent
on Looney Tunes cartoons
by how many whiskers are on Bugs Bunny
because it took longer
than any to track
the whiskers.
Comics, right?
Can I check in?
I don't know how much time we've done.
I black out at a certain point.
We started at 7.15.
We have about a half hour.
We'll check in with Spencer
for five to seven minutes.
How's your comic-con been?
It's been pretty good.
I found out that
that health app on your iPhone
is just constantly tracking you
without you telling it to.
Can you get a message on your phone
that just said stop?
Your heart is about to give out.
It's really helpful.
It's going to save lives.
The iWatch in stores now.
Anyway,
I've been walking
like 12 miles a day or something.
Because I was dead.
Just exhausted, man.
Oh, yeah.
It's fun.
I lost my badge at some point.
I heard that somebody snarfed it
off of you New Orleans style.
It could have been that,
or it could have just been caught
by an errant wind or something.
It was around your neck.
It might have been the Notorious San Diego Badge Snarfer.
That's what I was thinking.
They're really expensive.
It's kind of the equivalent
of picking so much pocket.
With petty thievery going on,
there would be like a multitude
of spider men to show up
and stop that happening.
Do you think it's possible
for somebody to get that close to you
and actually unclip
the thing from the land years?
I think that's not what happened,
but it's absolutely possible.
What do you think happened?
I think probably I brushed by someone
who did the clasp and declasped it
and it like fell fluttered to the floor
and then someone picked it up right after.
How many of those God people are for real?
I can't tell the difference between the...
Here's the thing.
A lot of people are actively antagonizing them
and it's like, why are you better?
Just because you're against them?
I don't know. There's this guy
that was yelling at him to suck his balls
and that they were going to hell
if they didn't suck his balls.
Now there's just two people being annoying.
I don't...
That's not what I want.
Everyone enjoys the con
in their own way.
I'm a firm believer
and if someone else starts it,
you get to finish it though.
Not that that finishes it.
I think that the Christian people should
talk about how much they repent
every day if they're going to be telling
other people to repent all the time.
What if you guys found out
there's a graphic novel about
religious protesters
and that those people were doing
the most extravagant
cosplay ever and they were just like
in deep...
It has happened, we were talking about this,
that there was a video game that was coming out
and they did guerrilla marketing where they had
a group of people pretending to be Christian
protesters of this game
and it broke that they...
It was fake.
That they had posed as...
a group of people picketing the game
and then for some reason
people got mad about that.
I'm not sure the 15-year-old
version of me would get mad at that.
I would be like, well that's cool.
Like pretending to be protesters?
I think that's a little weak.
I'm not sure why.
I don't know who it's hurting.
Because it's making fun
of people who are
just kind of sad already
and...
I guess you could get mad, but I don't think
the people that were getting mad, I think they were
just video gamers that were like
you shouldn't try to manipulate me.
What? I sell you video games.
Manipulate you for a living.
I convince you you're a space man.
Okay, let me move it this way.
Supposing you went around and your
cosplay was like video game nerd
and you built yourself a fat suit
and you covered yourself with Cheetos
and you became this like
awful entity, like would that be
good?
In order to evangelize the message of...
Well, you would be
kind of
incarnating our picture
of this without really...
I gotta say as long as you're not blocking traffic
I don't mind any of that because it does it
as long as you're not obstructing
anyone from doing what they want
if all you're doing is sending messages
out into the ether, if those messages are dishonest
then hopefully the message you could draw
from that is, oh I should
have less stock in things strangers
tell me.
I think that's a good way
to grow up as a kid.
I don't know what that guy's jam is.
He's pretending to...
He's dressed like a banana but he could be a hitman.
Well, I know those people write a
comic where God is
the hero. Oh, they do.
And they're amazing.
They write lots of comics. They have bands.
They have radio stations.
Yeah, those people
I just want to be argued with.
I, against my parents' wishes when I was
12 years old, joined
in San Diego an evangelist
youth group where
at the end of the first meeting they're like,
okay, you're new here. Hear a bunch of
booklets. It's really, really cool
to witness to people. So just tell us
how many people you've witnessed to.
I'm a really competitive person and I was like, okay,
is there some sort of game with how many people
I can get in heaven? I can get more people in heaven
than that guy.
The next week you came back to the youth group
and everyone would be like, well, I was in an elevator
and I
stopped the elevator and I scared a guy
told him
we're all going to die and then I gave him
a booklet and I was like, he's going to come to church.
All these tricky
stories.
And the dumb
joke is, is there an app for that?
But there must be apps for that.
There must be Christian
groups making apps for
witnessing going, okay, like here,
tap this in.
Yeah, those people with the signs
don't, the thing that makes me mad
about it, I was brought up Christian and my dad's
a preacher and I'm not a practicing Christian
but I wouldn't know, I don't know
anybody ever in the history of my life that
would do that stuff. That's obviously about
getting people angry at you.
No one walks by a sign that says
you're going to hell and says like, oh cool,
tell me more.
You never see him succeeding.
There's never anyone stopping
like, yeah man. It's a weird thing from a
logical perspective, if you were an evangelical
Christian, why would you
go to the place where
60,000
people were doing what they shouldn't do?
Why not go to some place where there's like
300 people doing the worst thing ever?
Go solve murders.
We caught you, you murdered,
Jesus wouldn't do that and you could actually
help the police. Well they're trying,
it's exposure, it's like
they're trying to spread a disease. They're promoting
a product, they're selling a comic book.
Yeah, it's that the product is,
in their minds, not going to
hell, which is a pretty good product
to pitch. It's catchy.
The one they really believe in.
Yeah, that's the thing, it's like
to them it's literally the most important
thing in the universe, which I mean, if it
were true, makes sense.
And then when you listen to what they're saying
through the bullhards, they sound like the dumbest people in the world
because they're going like,
do you believe in a guy with a cape
that's going to solve your problems?
Everyone's like, no, I don't believe
in a guy with a cape.
Do you believe in the gospel of Gandalf?
I have a job, I work in Verizon,
I don't fucking like, what, I
compartmentalize, like, are you crazy?
I'm spending a lot of
money here, I saved up my vacation
days, what are you, this isn't
this isn't fucking Mount Sinai,
what do you think I'm doing?
I'm dressed as a Cylon, I fucking enjoying
myself. I'm doing this
instead of rape.
I'm doing this
instead of murder, I'm doing this
instead of ox coveting, I'm doing this
instead of theft, I'm doing this
instead of almost all ten things
your god says I shouldn't do.
It's not, because it's not real of Angelism,
it's just, it's kooky. I went
to a Miley Cyrus concert
a year ago
in Los Angeles,
no need to do, but I was at
this concert, and those people
were there, and then their sides
were like, Miley is telling girls
to be prostitutes, and all these, you
know, it's a bunch of 15 year old girls
at this concert, were standing on a balcony
flashing these
guys for hours, to the extent that I was
like, oh, the way you see
young tits is to show
the sign at this concert,
it was awful. I'm sorry I just said the word tits,
I don't even ever say it.
You said young tits, that's much more marketable.
But also, young tits is a
really great name for an all girl punk band.
If anybody needs
a bassist, that's all I want to do.
Great name for an album
or a band or a child.
We're giving free copies of our zine, young tits
at the door.
I have one more question about these guys
with the signs. Why are they
always on the other side
of the railroad tracks from the convention center?
Do they, do they, I would assume
that they would have no compunctions about getting
right up in the convention center.
I think they want to keep it moving the closer.
I mean, right outside
the Marriott marquee, there's people.
So it's like they are on the periphery.
It seems like they're trying to get close.
But do you think people are preventing them from
being close? Do they zap them with? I think if they were standing
still that whole time, yeah, they'd be like
keep it moving or something. But I did see
some folks with their signs
right on the, right
outside the front of the convention center.
Yeah, right by the Marriott. They have one badge that they keep
swapping.
It just says Jesus. It's sort of weird because
I was like, well, what sin
do you guys think all these
people here are committing? They're starting
in the wrong place.
Yeah, they start with repent
which is very accusatory.
I mean, it's easy target
some kid that's dressed as poison ivy.
It's like, shame on you. You're a
terrible person. Well, it doesn't have to
be shame. It's like, hey man,
free prizes in heaven.
You know, that would
work. Stan, get early
in line for God. Yeah, there's
no waiting in line
to get to the kingdom of Lord.
Unless I'm mistaken, and I've been coming
here for, I've seen them like five years
in a row. Unless I'm mistaken, that's not the messaging
on their advertising. That's what's confusing. They're not
saying have a good comic con, but
get it out of your system and then we'd
like to talk to you about a real
superhero. That would be cool.
That would work. They're saying
congratulations
of driving here from Phoenix. Stop
right now!
Phoenix!
Where is the scriptural
basis for their objection?
It's like, where in the Bible
says... It's not real Christians.
Don't dress up in a costume.
I'm sure there's some people in this audience who are Christian.
That's not anything that you would ever do.
Is that a dot we're connecting?
Why are you worried that Christianity is going to be betrayed?
We're talking about those seven yahos.
We're not talking about Christianity.
They're not saying comics are evil. They're saying
everyone's going to hell because you're not
safe. We're talking about those people.
I've never heard one say you're
going to hell because of comics.
I've never heard them say that. They might,
but I've never heard it. Well, I've heard them
kind of like, kind of protest.
Comics lead you into witchcraft and
that's the scriptural
doctrinal line, right?
What I heard when I
stopped to listen was
actually like, they said you guys are
worshiping
characters that have
superpowers and
Jesus is the only one that should have
superpowers. That's an old school craziness.
It's sort of like, now she'll not have
any more gods above our god.
And it's like, wait, are you saying
that your god is a story?
No, they're saying he's not.
And if you make up stories about
people that can do magic tricks.
I'm making up stories. We should play some
of that.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, Jesus will be played by
Spencer Crittenden.
Can we pretend my character inhaled
meatball?
Also, you never had a drink of that bloody
Mary. You only ate the...
I ate the fucking burger and then it was
just one moment where I was like, I just
took a breath because I was going to go out
and talk to people about their favorite color.
It ruined my night.
I'm on the recoup now.
I can't believe somebody had the terrible
instinct of giving me a whole bottle of
when I brought you up on stage.
Who wants something? Is that legal?
I know it's illegal.
Oh, by the way, have we
praised this venue? I think
Jeff did. The tin roof is
the tin roof!
We booked this place
very late in the game and
they were so accommodating
and the
room fit us all and they've been very
gracious and there were
four bottles of kettle in the green room
and
they're just nice and professional
and wonderful.
Food on top of that.
Maybe we can do this thing every year or
something for a Comic-Con.
And they get to Elizabeth and Steve
that were raptors and are also selling
merch over here.
Thank you.
Let's hear it for the area of the
electromagnetic spectrum that you guys
cheered the most for. Greenish!
With a slight nod to purple.
I don't like those people with signs
but with colors.
How dare you!
If you like something reflecting into your eye
why don't you like purple?
Why red?
Oh god, this is how we die.
Oh no, it's okay, sorry.
If you really believe in this color
can you hold up something that
is that color?
Right, like is your favorite color
do you wear that color?
If my favorite color is red, really prove it.
Show me something red.
We didn't solve it. Colors are dumb
and having a favorite one is dumb.
Fair enough.
I'm not right.
You have a favorite food
that doesn't mean you necessarily eat it
all the time or a favorite movie.
If you're talking about macaroni and cheese
that is what it means.
You could shoot me
into space in a bowl of macaroni
and cheese and I would never
go where's the pizza?
I think the most important thing is
exploring why you're so
angry that people have a favorite thing
that you don't understand.
I'm autistic.
There we go.
It's not easy.
No, no, come on, come on, come on.
What?
So angry that people have a favorite
thing?
I think they're lying. It doesn't make
any sense. It doesn't mean anything.
Also, you hate color as a principle.
You said you don't like colors.
He hates colors because I love colors.
I do that to upset Aaron.
He does it to make me sad.
The truth is you can get
all important information out of a
black and white image.
I don't do that to you about things that you love.
What if you tried?
What would...
Let's play Shadow Run.
This is boring.
Hit the gas pedal.
What character is Stephen playing?
Should it be Dr.
Friend probably?
Let the dice fall where they may.
Do you follow the show at all, Stephen?
He's a huge fan.
I would say...
I would pitch that Stephen should be Dr.
Friend, right?
I don't care.
You're a troll doctor
who doesn't harm,
but also is a very
complicated fellow.
Do we have an extra?
Yeah, we have a Demorige sheet, but...
We have a Demorige who plays
her told booby-doo.
This guy's got a lot of friends pointing at him,
so I guess we'll use him.
Yeah,
no, over here, man.
Oh yeah, yeah, sit here and use that mic.
No, stand behind that bean.
Earlier, I came to this venue at 4pm
and all the great people who work here
were like, okay, so you're banned?
They put their equipment up like, oh no,
it's a comedy show, and they're like,
yeah, we don't really understand what it is.
We've got mixed things.
And then cut to this moment where we're passing out
folders, and they're like, no, really not a band.
Super not a band.
Did I hear your friends calling you go-bot?
No, it's Craig Knight.
Craig Knight, sounds the same.
You can call me go-bot, I don't care.
Alright, go-bot.
Thanks, Dan.
I'm not seeing alignment anywhere.
Oh yeah, Shadowrun doesn't have
alignment.
This is in D&D, my friend.
It's a lot darker shades than that.
Sorry, Spencer, do we have a guest
intro person?
Yeah, a guest known only
as Diego.
Diego, I love it.
He's the saint
of the city we're in.
Shall we rock and roll?
Yeah, let's rock and roll.
Here we go.
Oh, yeah.
Last time on Harmontown,
Shadowrun.
Facing the ethical dilemma posed by Jesse
Yellowman, our Shadowrunners
decided to look into Baldwin Brown's
research on BTL chips for themselves.
Horticard
insisted the files shouldn't be sent
over the Matrix and stuffed
tight up and twisted Jesse Yellowman
into the back of their Uber.
Joined by Hackeye at Hank's Last Stand,
Mercy, Eve, and Horticard
uncovered the research,
showing that BTL chips can be used
without addiction or harmful effects.
Meanwhile, Jim Nightblade
discovered Dr. Friend's
increasingly hard feelings for
his fellow. Will Dr.
Friend's emotions go unrequited?
Can Jim Nightblade keep the Troll's
secret safe in a world
where comlinks always seem to be on?
Will Dr.
Friend find agency in a world of
hackers hooked on mountains of robocon
cocaine with no consequences?
We find out now
on Harmontown, Shadow Town Harmon
Run Comic-Con edition.
Diego.
Alright, so where are we?
Yeah, thanks Diego.
Hank's Last Stand,
you, Jesse Yellowman,
he's trapped in the trunk of your Uber
which is idling outside.
You are paying for that.
It's reasonable though.
So,
you're in Hank's Last Stand,
you just, Hackeye just revealed
the data, it's about curing
the ill effects of BTL chip use.
And that's what that data
you were searching for was. You still have it
in your possession, you haven't turned it in yet.
And that's what
Balden Brown wants?
That's what Balden Brown had
and he would like it, yeah.
And we were wondering, do they want that information
because they want to suppress it?
Because they could make BTL chips healthy?
Or,
or do they want it so they could just sell BTL,
a bunch of BTL chips?
Or a different option.
Uh-oh, oh shit.
Oh no.
Now, I say,
we vivisect him.
Uh, and just
get what we can.
Vivisect who, doctor?
Our, our, our, our tight up
due to the back of our car.
You want to vivisect Jesse Elliman, the guy
tied up in the trunk of the Uber right now?
Yes.
That seems like a very straightforward thing
that a doctor would want to do.
But what would the vivisection yield
from him?
Secrets?
I'm just pinning that.
Fair, fair.
Uh, hey, hack eye.
Uh, yeah.
What do you think a third possibility
would be?
Oh man.
Well, what are the first two possibilities?
That the, that the, that our
Johnson's, is that what they're called?
Sure, yes.
That our Johnson's.
They mean good or they're trying to suppress it?
That they want to make BTL chips
and sell a bunch of them?
Or that they want to take the information
and destroy it, like the tobacco companies?
Those are two options.
Right.
Possible third, they don't want to use it.
They just want to sell it for higher value.
Sell the information?
Yeah, fourth reason.
Maybe, you know, they know something we don't.
Maybe they think that BTL chips
aren't addictive enough or are too
addictive and want to change the nature of it.
Maybe they're staging
it, clamping down on this.
Who knows, man?
If they, if the corpse are involved,
who knows? You just got to get in there
yourselves. Which corporation
makes the BTL chips? Do we know that?
Oh man, everyone makes BTL chips.
You could just make them, if you have one of your nano
forges, you know, you can print them out at home.
You can also just download them on iTunes.
Why aren't we just making our own?
What do you think? Is there anybody currently trying
to kill us right now? Not at this
moment that I am aware of.
What do you think, Hordegaard?
Let's see him at door.
I think we should hack into the
Matrix, because that's what I was told.
Jesus Christ.
Alright.
Go by.
Well, you know, it seems like
I know I keep going back and forth on this, but
like,
I don't know, we fucking, we shadow run.
We work for evil corporations.
Okay, we're shadow run.
We're a group. No, but we're more than a group.
Come on now.
We're a team.
And we know each other. We've worked together
so much. It's time for us to get together
and then look to our leader.
I think,
I feel like I keep,
I keep what? Rescue him.
He's in the trunk.
Everyone's a dipshit tonight.
Oh, oh, rescue him from,
yeah, but we'll just open the trunk, dude.
But if every mission we go on, I know
I said the opposite last time,
but Jesus Christ.
I'm really conflicted.
Is Baldwin Brown with us in the bar right now?
No, Baldwin Brown is at the place you
delivered him to.
Why don't we, I just, can we vivisect
somebody?
We got to do that later.
I'll offer myself.
Just for interest.
I order a drink from the bar.
So Baldwin Brown is not at the bar we're at.
Wait, what do you order?
I order a,
but no.
I order a
scotch on a rock.
A single rock.
All right. It arrives.
Thank you.
What's your story?
I'm Hank.
My story is that I always wanted to
own a bar and then I did.
And then all this future
crazy dystopia shit happened.
And now my bar is in a
terrible part of town.
So I pretty much only cater to outlaws
and ne'er-do-wells.
Boy, Hank,
uh,
I'm just, first of all
I love the name Hank.
Hank, you must see a lot of shady stuff.
Oh, yeah, but, you know,
I don't like mentioning it because
that'll get us all killed.
So put it back in your pants.
Can we get on with the,
I say, okay,
this is the mood I'm in.
Was my ordering a drink worse than
vivisecting the person in the truck?
No, there's no competition.
If you're competing with him, you're in a fucked up place.
Then we both, then everyone is lost.
So you can't hear me or in the car?
I'm standing here with my ear to your mouth.
You don't know that.
I say,
we take yellow
pinkerman and
we take him to the Johnson.
We give him everything and we fucking walk away.
With a big score.
We're shadow runners.
You know, I gotta like that.
Nightblade, I say we do that
and we walk away
unless the washer hands are this whole shop.
And go on our next shadow run.
Because I don't think
there'll be any repercussions.
I don't think this will be a cliffhanger.
I don't think this will ever come back to haunt us.
I think we just do our job
get paid
and mo money
mo problems.
Alright, let's do it.
Let's get back in the Uber.
Let's take our bounty back to the thing.
We'll probably get a bonus.
Of course. I mean, Mercy,
when we get there, negotiate the fuck out of this
and give us some extra money on this one.
Yeah, yeah, I'm revving up.
Alright, all on the Uber, everyone in.
We got everybody?
There we go.
You're at the neutral drop zone.
Animation zone.
You're at the neutral
drop zone, the same place where you delivered
Baldwin Brown to his truck bound
captors. It's an old
truck lot in a shitty part of town
across from all sorts of
devastated warehouse and broken down
clinics and all sorts of buildings
that used to house stuff and now only
mostly house monsters and ghouls
and all sorts of
uncouth shit.
So there you are.
You pull into the parking lot,
which is the neutral drop zone.
And once again, you see a trollish
businessman, an orcish businessman
in a business suit
sitting in a semi-truck.
The lights turn on and he exits
the truck and walks over to you guys.
You may do all the talking.
Okay.
That's how I walk.
Hi!
Hey there!
Hello, here, I'm sorry.
Hold on one second. I walk back to my crew.
What am I doing?
Tell them we got the files they wanted
and also we got a bonus for them,
which is willing to pay.
But don't tell them he's in the trunk.
The eagles in the bird catch.
That's a good price for Jesse Yellowman.
But don't tell him he's in the trunk.
Okay, cool.
Hey!
I mean hey!
So I have some files
that I know you want.
Yes I do!
Alright.
What are you willing to give me for these files?
The agreed upon amount.
I don't know.
I'm going to say we want a little bit
more because I know
a certain someone
hold on a second.
Jesse Yellowman.
The agreed upon price is fine
but we'd like a bonus
for you.
You know, I mean here's the thing.
I promise I'm listening.
But then I just forget.
Got it.
Okay.
Let's just take the money.
That amount
that you have is great.
But you know we've done an extra great job
and similar to when you would go to a fancy restaurant
and someone treated you extra special
we just like
a little bonus.
In what way have you done an extra great job?
Well, we can't reveal that.
Oh!
I use
oh, I have a jammer?
Okay, anyway.
I use
my power. I use con
and
negotiation.
Okay.
Look.
We know where Jesse
Yellowman is.
Right.
I mean obviously it's Jesse Pinkman
from Dancing Ground.
Sorry.
We know where Jesse Yellowman is.
Who's that?
Well,
he's someone who's very valuable to you.
I'm using negotiation.
He's someone who's very, very important
to your operation.
And we just want...
It's 9-11!
It's
apparently 9-11
and are
a
corrupted audience
that
celebrates it on their own.
For the
most important
date in all
our history
and old
Langzine. Okay.
We did it.
Look, we want to...
Hold on a second. Foot, foot, foot, foot.
How much of a bonus?
I mean, is this just an emotional bonus?
Do we need this? No, we need this.
Can we actually close the deal?
Wrap up this thing.
It's a guy you have like...
Throw a couple extra clams
our way and see if he says yes.
It's a guy that
Billy Baldwin cares about.
Right, right, right. Foot, foot, foot, foot.
Look, we just want a little extra money.
You're good people. We're good people.
Let's do this.
Throw us some money.
And this will
all make sense. We know a young
man who Mr.
BB is very
crazy about
and we know where he is
and it would be in your best interest to
just throw us some money
and we'll shake hands and
look at these eyes.
That sounds... And tell
him that we have a secret
that he might want to give us a little bit more.
You don't think that that was implied
and what I said?
But another secret.
Okay, also we have another secret.
One more secret.
Well, that just seems excessive.
Just to throw it on the pile,
but secrets, you know,
six secrets
per 100 gold coins.
Cool.
Your secret metric is off.
Yeah, we have another secret. Also,
I have some secrets.
Jesus Christ.
Just...
What do you say? I say
15% more
than the originally agreed-upron
price. Thank you.
Take it out.
We did it, we did it.
She drives a hard bargain.
Where is this fellow?
He's...
Well, wait here.
Okay. Turn around.
Okay. I want you to face the other way.
That's the way we do things. It's our signature.
It's totally fine. Don't attack me.
No, no, of course not.
I haven't even new money.
I say, when it turns around, we all take our pants down.
And when it turns around,
we just go, we're just fucking with you.
I open the trunk
of the Uber.
Just the element pops out,
blinking in the evening light.
Surprise!
Uh...
I haul him over to the...
to the Johnson.
And I pull, I pulled
just yell him in by the collar, and I lean in
and I say, look,
you tell them that you were in the trunk,
bad things are going to happen to you.
It doesn't matter now.
That's the...
The only point of that is just so they don't...
Just let me follow my own bliss. I just wanted to do that.
I'm not a very strong person.
I'm just a talker.
Bad things will happen to you.
When I...
say goodbye.
I feel like bad things will happen to me
now that I'm being sold
to a businessman.
Baby, baby, baby.
Don't think of it that way.
Okay.
Look, at any given time,
we're all commerce.
We're all bartered.
You know, it's...
So, what are you guys going to do with
these files?
Oh, we're going to...
We're going to put them to good use.
We've got big designs
for our new sales force.
Do you guys want to go bowling?
Here we go, babe.
I'm never bowling. I say we do it.
Wait, you've never
bowled?
No, I've bowled before.
No, I said I'm down to bowling.
Oh, you're down to... I'm so sorry. Let's go bowling.
No, it's cool. Let's go bowling, yeah.
Can we get paid?
Well, you seem to be occupied
in other tasks.
Oh, no, we haven't been paid yet?
No. You said 50% on top of what we're...
I did not. I said 15%
very explicitly.
All right, I put out my hand
to accept the appropriate amount
of payment. He shoves a large
silvered briefcase heavy
with bills into your hands.
What? Paper money?
Are you effing
serious?
Oh, shit, Dr. Friend.
It's cool. It's cool.
It's money.
This is the wrong time to be on your weird paper money thing.
But I tell you
the use of paper
money will be the death of the feudalist system
that we all rely upon.
After handing
you the suitcase
the Johnson pulls out a pistol
and shoots Jesse Yellowman
in the face.
Oh, shit.
I guess we had to know
that was a possibility.
I think that blood is
literally on our hands
and faces. Yeah, it's all over.
And pants.
Nice to in business with you.
I've got a truck stop to attend.
He pulls into his truck.
That was worth 15%.
Jesus. You are cold.
Our NPC
contact in this adventure.
You are a very cool person.
Yes. Yes.
So he leaves.
We're all splattered with Jesse Yellowman's blood.
We're at Hank's last stand.
And you hear the suitcase start to beep.
Oh, shit.
Now I really need a drink.
Cliff Hanger.
What?
That's...
Stephen Natalie, everybody.
Erin McGathy.
What's that guy's name?
Who is that guy? Thank you very much.
What?
Oh.
What's your name?
Craig.
It's Craig Knight.
Fuck it.
Spencer Crittenden did it, everybody.
Still something, Craig Knight?
I'm Jeff Davis.
Your mayor is Dan Harmon.
This show is brought to you by
whoever gave me this bottle of Frenette Bronco.
Frenette Bronco.
All right, San Diego, drive fast.
Take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.